[Music]
what's up guys right now we're gonna
watch the XCOM to announcement trailer
it's part of I G ends first of the month
and yeah I'm super pumped for this game
I thoroughly enjoyed the first X combi
was super addicting and yeah let's just
go ahead and take a look twenty years
after the unification okay this is not
what the game is going to look like it's
a pride just like a story cinematic yep
okay oh that little drunk
[Music]
damn
whoa okay
I'm super into it
[Music]
it's a big-ass ship
welcome back
it's looking good
November 2015 this year nice another
game in November
damn what are we gonna do it's just like
so much you know so many games it's it's
an overload now I don't know what I'm
gonna do with my time I don't know what
I'm gonna do a cell phone's going off
somewhere it's making weird noises
that's okay
yeah so uh let me know what you guys
think about the new XCOM 2 trailer I
don't know
it comes out to November I don't know if
I'm gonna find time for this I'm
probably just gonna have to wait till uh
probably January February of 2016 and
play it maybe December maybe um vacation
but there's just so many amazing games
coming out in November I don't know how
I'm gonna find the time to play this one
specifically
I might have to skip out on it but maybe
once I see some gameplay get that uh old
XCOM juices flowin I might change my
mind so uh yeah let me know what you
guys think about the new XCOM trailer
and make sure that you share you like
and you subscribe if you haven't already
I will see you all later
[Music]